I care. So, what do you think of her, Han? I find your lack of faith disturbing. The Force is strong with this one. I have you now. What good is a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides, attacking that battle station ain't my idea of courage. It's more like suicide. I'm surprised you had the courage to take the responsibility yourself. The plans you refer to will soon be back in our hands.
Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I'm in it for the money. I don't know what you're talking about. I am a member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan-- I suggest you try it again, Luke. This time, let go your conscious self and act on instinct. Partially, but it also obeys your commands. I'm trying not to, kid. I call it luck.
Red Five standing by. In my experience, there is no such thing as luck. You are a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor! Take her away! But with the blast shield down, I can't even see! How am I supposed to fight? Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid. Don't be too proud of this technological terror you've constructed. The ability to destroy a planet is insignificant next to the power of the Force.
I find your lack of faith disturbing. I need your help, Luke. She needs your help. I'm getting too old for this sort of thing. Look, I can take you as far as Anchorhead. You can get a transport there to Mos Eisley or wherever you're going.
I don't know what you're talking about. I am a member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan-- You are a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor! Take her away! A tremor in the Force. The last time I felt it was in the presence of my old master.
Ye-ha! Your eyes can deceive you. Don't trust them. What?! You're all clear, kid. Let's blow this thing and go home!
As you wish. Partially, but it also obeys your commands. Alderaan? I'm not going to Alderaan. I've got to go home. It's late, I'm in for it as it is. Look, I can take you as far as Anchorhead. You can get a transport there to Mos Eisley or wherever you're going. Ye-ha! I'm trying not to, kid.
But with the blast shield down, I can't even see! How am I supposed to fight? Remember, a Jedi can feel the Force flowing through him. Don't be too proud of this technological terror you've constructed. The ability to destroy a planet is insignificant next to the power of the Force. You don't believe in the Force, do you?
Don't underestimate the Force. All right. Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess that's what you're best at, ain't it? What good is a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides, attacking that battle station ain't my idea of courage. It's more like suicide. He is here. She must have hidden the plans in the escape pod. Send a detachment down to retrieve them, and see to it personally, Commander. There'll be no one to stop us this time!
Partially, but it also obeys your commands. Don't underestimate the Force. Still, she's got a lot of spirit. I don't know, what do you think? I suggest you try it again, Luke. This time, let go your conscious self and act on instinct. Dantooine. They're on Dantooine. In my experience, there is no such thing as luck.
I'm surprised you had the courage to take the responsibility yourself. No! Alderaan is peaceful. We have no weapons. You can't possibly. Remember, a Jedi can feel the Force flowing through him.
As you wish. A tremor in the Force. The last time I felt it was in the presence of my old master. Don't underestimate the Force. Obi-Wan is here. The Force is with him. I suggest you try it again, Luke. This time, let go your conscious self and act on instinct. You mean it controls your actions?
I'm surprised you had the courage to take the responsibility yourself. No! Alderaan is peaceful. We have no weapons. You can't possibly&hellip; In my experience, there is no such thing as luck. What!? No! Alderaan is peaceful. We have no weapons. You can't possibly. Remember, a Jedi can feel the Force flowing through him.
Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I'm in it for the money. I suggest you try it again, Luke. This time, let go your conscious self and act on instinct. I care. So, what do you think of her, Han? I don't know what you're talking about. I am a member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan-- You don't believe in the Force, do you?
I need your help, Luke. She needs your help. I'm getting too old for this sort of thing. I suggest you try it again, Luke. This time, let go your conscious self and act on instinct. The Force is strong with this one. I have you now. You are a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor! Take her away! You are a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor! Take her away! What!?
Don't act so surprised, Your Highness. You weren't on any mercy mission this time. Several transmissions were beamed to this ship by Rebel spies. I want to know what happened to the plans they sent you. I care. So, what do you think of her, Han? I'm surprised you had the courage to take the responsibility yourself. As you wish. Your eyes can deceive you. Don't trust them.
No! Alderaan is peaceful. We have no weapons. You can't possibly! Leave that to me. Send a distress signal, and inform the Senate that all on board were killed. A tremor in the Force. The last time I felt it was in the presence of my old master. What!? Kid, I've flown from one side of this galaxy to the other. I've seen a lot of strange stuff, but I've never seen anything to make me believe there's one all-powerful Force controlling everything. There's no mystical energy field that controls my destiny. It's all a lot of simple tricks and nonsense.
Don't underestimate the Force. He is here. I don't know what you're talking about. I am a member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan--
You mean it controls your actions? Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I'm in it for the money. I care. So, what do you think of her, Han?
Your eyes can deceive you. Don't trust them. Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid. Dantooine. They're on Dantooine.
